Hello, I'm Sean Cross and
I'm going to show you
how to start writing your own Swirl
courses and Swirl lessons with Swirlify.
If you're not familiar with Swirl,
it's an R package that turns the R console
into an interactive learning environment.
Let me give you a short tour of Swirl
in case you haven't used it before.
So let me load the Swirl package and
then I can just start up Swirl
by using the swirl function.
And as you can see,
the R console starts talking to me and
asking me some questions.
So you can call me Sean.
I don't want to.
I was working on a lesson before.
As you can see, I get a selection,
I get a couple options to pick
a Swirl course to start, so
I'm going to pick R Programming, and then
within that course I can pick a lesson.
I'm going to start the,
first lesson, Basic Building Blocks.
So the R console starts displaying some
text as I get into the Swirl lesson.
The console in Swirl wants me to
type in 5 + 7 and I did that correctly,
so I got the question right so
we can move on to further questions.
Now Swirl wants me to assign
the value of 5 + 7 to a variable x.
So I'm going to do the wrong
things to show you what happens.
I'm going to assign 5 + 8.
And as you can see, it says, nice try,
I didn't get the question right,
and it shows me a hint.
So I'm going to follow that
hint's advice and type 5 + 7.
All right, so
it's a short introduction to Swirl.
There are several different
kinds of questions that
the R console can ask a student.
So I'm going to exit out of
this lesson right now, and
I did that using the Escape key,
by the way.
And, I'm going to show you how you can
start writing your own Swirl lessons with
Swirlify.